ENTHOUGHT PACKAGE REPOSITORY SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT

PLEASE READ THIS AGREEMENT CAREFULLY BEFORE ACCESSING THE ENTHOUGHT  
PACKAGE REPOSITORY (EPR). ANY PERSON OR ENTITY ACCESSING THE EPR  
("SUBSCRIBER" or "you"), BY THE ACT OF ACCESSING THE EPR, SIGNIFIES  
THEIR ASSENT TO THIS AGREEMENT. IF YOU ARE ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN  
ENTITY, THEN YOU REPRESENT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO  
THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY. IF SUBSCRIBER DOES NOT  
ACCEPT THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, THEN THEY MUST NOT ACCESS THE  
EPR.  The Enthought Package Repository is provided by Enthought,  
Inc., a Delaware corporation, with a principal place of business at  
515 Congress Avenue, Suite 2100, Austin, Texas, 78701 ("Enthought").

     In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and  
for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and  
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Enthought and the  
Subscriber (collectively the "parties") hereto agree as follows:


1.    DEFINITIONS

1.1       "Enthought Package Repository" ("EPR") shall mean the  
collection of services and technology used for the delivery of  
software packages and related information from an electronic  
repository managed by Enthought.

1.2     "Services" shall mean access to and provision of the EPR and  
any support or maintenance that is provided to Subscriber to enable  
such access or provision.

1.2    "Effective Date" shall mean the first date of your use of the  
EPR.

1.3     "Accessing System" shall mean a system with which the  
Subscriber accesses the EPR which may be, without limitation, a  
server, work station, virtual machine, blade, node, partition, or  
engine, as applicable.  Systems accessing the information or Software  
delivered from the EPR through a proxy or systems hosted by the  
Subscriber are also considered Accessing Systems.

1.4    "Software" shall mean computer software programs accessed  
through or retrieved from the EPR, together with all related text or  
HTML files, Source Code, graphics files, animation files, data files,  
scripts, security devices, updates, current bug fixes or patches, or  
any other modifications to such programs, which have been made  
available by Enthought as of the Effective Date of this Agreement.

1.5    "Source Code" shall mean the source language code (human- 
readable program instructions) for the Software as it exists as of  
the Effective Date, together with any documentation (technical or  
otherwise), which exists as of the Effective Date and which would  
enable a reasonably skilled computer programmer or analyst to  
maintain or change the Source Code without the aid of Licensor.

1.6     "Governmental Use" shall mean the Subscription to EPR by a  
representative, contractor, or assign of a government entity,  
department, agency, bureau, corporation, office, lab, or research  
facility to aid in the delivery of services or computer software  
programs or licenses paid for under a contract, grant or purchase  
order.  Subscription for the purpose of performing research for  
obtaining a degree, diploma, or certification--funded or not--is  
excluded from the definition of Governmental Use.

1.7     "Commercial Use" shall mean the Subscription to EPR by a for- 
profit commercial entity for use in the development or delivery of  
services or computer software programs or licenses.

1.8    "Term" shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.1.


2.    SUBSCRIPTION TO EPR

2.1    Subscription.  Enthought hereby grants to Subscriber access to  
the Enthought Package Repository under the terms of this Agreement.

2.2    EPR Access.  Subscriber acknowledges that, subject to the  
terms and conditions of this Agreement, access to the software and  
services provided though the EPR will be monitored and recorded for  
use by Enthought and its assigns for the sole purpose of provision of  
the services, invoicing, and security analysis.  The Subscription  
granted herein is not a sale of the Software.  All software provided  
under this Subscription is subject to the license and ownership  
provided with the software Source Code and included in the  
distributed packages.

2.3    Trademarks and Publicity.  Each party acknowledges that it  
will acquire no rights in any trademarks, service marks, trade names,  
or logos of the other party pursuant to this Agreement and that such  
marks are and shall remain the exclusive property of such other  
party.  Except as otherwise provided herein, nothing contained in  
this Agreement shall be construed as conferring any right to use in  
advertising, publicity or other promotional activities any name,  
trade name, trademark, or other designation (including any  
contraction, abbreviation, or simulation of any of the foregoing) of  
the other party without the express written approval of such other  
party.

2.4     Hosting EPR Content.  It is forbidden for a Subscriber to  
host or otherwise make available to the general public, content  
originally obtained from the EPR.  Hosting EPR content for internal  
use is allowed, provided the text of this agreement is included with  
the EPR content and all conditions of this agreement, including  
Section 8.1 (Reporting) are met.


3.    FEES AND PAYMENTS

3.1     Fees and Expenses.  Fees for the Services ("Fees") are stated  
in United States Dollars, must be paid in United States Dollars, and  
are exclusive of out-of-pocket expenses. Fees shall be charged by  
price per Accessing System. The parties agree that the terms of this  
Agreement will govern future purchases by Subscriber of additional  
units of any or all of the Services listed herein. Unless otherwise  
stated in this Agreement, any renewal of this Agreement will be at  
the same price per Accessing System paid during the initial term.  
Unless otherwise agreed by the parties in writing, such additional  
units can be purchased and renewed, during the term of this  
Agreement, at the rates set forth herein, exclusive of expenses, if any.

3.2     Non-Commercial Use.  EPR Subscription is provided free of  
charge to non-governmental, non-commercial users for the purpose of  
research and education.  Governmental Use and Commercial Use will be  
subject to stated "Fees."

3.2     Invoices.  If Subscriber is paying by credit card, Subscriber  
authorizes Enthought to bill Subscriber's credit card for the  
Services for the initial term and for the amount due at the time of  
renewal. If Enthought has approved Subscriber to be invoiced,  
Enthought will invoice Subscriber for the Fees at the time of  
execution of this Agreement and upon the submission of any future  
purchase order. Any and all payments made by Subscriber pursuant to  
this Agreement are non-refundable. Subscriber will make payment  
within thirty (30) days of the date of the invoice.  Enthought  
reserves the right to suspend or cancel performance of all or part of  
the Services, or change its credit terms, or both, if actual payment  
has not been received within sixty (60) days of the invoice date.

3.3     Taxes.  All Fees are exclusive of any Taxes. Subscriber will  
pay to Enthought an amount equal to any Taxes arising from or  
relating to this Agreement, including without limitation, sales,  
service, use or value added taxes, which are paid by or are payable  
by Enthought. "Taxes" means any form of taxation, levy, duty, customs  
fee, charge, contribution or impost of whatever nature and by  
whatever authority imposed (including without limitation any fine,  
penalty, surcharge, or interest), excluding, however, any taxes based  
solely on the net income of Enthought. If Subscriber is required  
under any applicable law or regulation, domestic or foreign, to  
withhold or deduct any portion of the payments due to Enthought, then  
the sum payable to Enthought will be increased by the amount  
necessary so that Enthought receives an amount equal to the sum it  
would have received had Subscriber made no withholdings or deductions.


4.    TERM AND TERMINATION

4.1    Term.  The term of this Agreement shall commence on the  
Effective Date and shall extend for a period of one (1) year unless  
earlier terminated as provided in this Section 4 (the "Term").   
Thereafter, the term shall automatically renew for successive one (1)  
year periods unless one party notifies the other in writing, no later  
than 15 days prior to the end of the then current term, of its  
intention not to renew.

4.2    Remedy on Breach.   In the event of a material breach of this  
Agreement, the non-breaching party shall give written notice of the  
material breach to the breaching party.  Upon receipt of such notice,  
the breaching party shall have thirty (30) days from the date of  
actual receipt of the written notice to cure such breach.  If the  
breaching party is unable to cure such breach within thirty (30)  
days, then the parties shall seek to resolve the matter as provided  
in Section 9 of this Agreement.

4.3    Effect of Termination. Each party agrees to pay the fees,  
costs, and expenses (including attorneys' fees and expenses)  
reasonably incurred by the other party in connection with or related  
to the other party's enforcement of its rights under this Agreement  
or as a result of any material breach by the other party of its  
obligations under this Agreement.

4.4    Survival.  Sections 1 (Definitions), 2.3 (Trademarks and  
Publicity) 4.4 (Survival), 5 (Confidentiality), 6 (Representations  
and Warranties), 7 (Indemnifications), 9 (Dispute Resolution) and 10  
(General Provisions) shall survive any expiration or termination of  
this Agreement.


5.      CONFIDENTIALITY

Subscriber and Enthought agree to maintain the confidentiality of  
Enthought's pricing as well as other proprietary information received  
by the other party that is marked confidential, including non-public  
technical and business information for a period of two (2) years  
after the termination of this Agreement. This section shall not apply  
to any publicly available or independently developed information.


6.    REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

6.1    No Infringement.  Enthought represents and warrants to  
Subscriber that it has the full legal right to distribute the  
Software in accordance with this Agreement and that there is no  
claim, litigation, or proceeding pending or threatened against  
Enthought with respect to the Software or any component thereof  
alleging infringement or misappropriation of any patent, copyright,  
trade secret, or any other proprietary right of any third party.

6.2    Other Warranties.   Enthought represents and warrants that:  
(a) it has full power and authority to execute, deliver, and perform  
its obligations under this Agreement; (b) there are no actions,  
proceedings or investigations, pending or, to the best of its  
knowledge, threatened against Enthought, which may in any manner  
whatsoever materially affect the enforceability of this Agreement or  
the rights, duties, and obligations hereunder; and (c) the execution,  
delivery and performance of this Agreement will not constitute a  
breach or default under any agreement, law, or court order under  
which Enthought is a party or may be bound or affected by or which  
may affect the rights, duties, and obligations hereunder.

6.3    Limitation of Liability.  NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY  
LIABILITY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT OR OTHERWISE FOR CONSEQUENTIAL,  
EXEMPLARY, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES EVEN IF SUCH  
PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.  IN ANY  
EVENT, THE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY TO THE OTHER FOR ANY REASON AND  
UPON ANY CAUSE OF ACTION SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE FEES PAID BY  
SUBSCRIBER PURSUANT TO THE EXISTING AGREEMENT.  THIS LIMITATION  
APPLIES TO ALL CAUSES OF ACTION IN THE AGGREGATE, INCLUDING WITHOUT  
LIMITATION, TO BREACH OF CONTRACT, BREACH OF WARRANTY, NEGLIGENCE,  
STRICT LIABILITY, MISREPRESENTATION, AND OTHER TORTS.  BOTH PARTIES  
UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT THE REMEDIES AND LIMITATIONS HEREIN  
ALLOCATE THE RISKS OF PRODUCT AND SERVICE NONCONFORMITY BETWEEN THE  
PARTIES AS AUTHORIZED BY THE UNIFORM COMMERCIAL CODE AND OF OTHER  
APPLICABLE LAWS.


7.    INDEMNIFICATIONS

7.1    Subscriber Indemnification.  Subscriber shall defend,  
indemnify and hold harmless Enthought from and against any claims,  
demands, causes of action, expenses, damages, losses, costs, fees,  
royalties, or penalties (including reasonable attorneys' fees)  
(collectively, "Claims") to the extent any such Claim arises out of  
Enthought's breach of any representation, warranty, or obligation  
under this Agreement.  Enthought may, at its sole option, conduct the  
defense in any such third party action arising as described herein  
and Subscriber promises fully to cooperate with such defense at  
Enthought's expense. This provision shall survive any expiration or  
termination of this Agreement.


8.      REPORTING AND INSPECTION

8.1     Reporting. Subscriber will promptly notify Enthought if the  
number of Accessing Systems exceeds the number of Accessing Systems  
for which Subscriber has paid the applicable fee. In its notice,  
Subscriber will include both the number of additional Accessing  
Systems and the date(s) on which such Accessing Systems were put into  
use. Enthought will invoice Subscriber for the applicable Services  
for such Accessing Systems on a pro-rata basis and Subscriber will  
pay for such Services in accordance with this Agreement.

8.2     Inspection. During the term of this Agreement and for one (1)  
year thereafter, Enthought or its designated agent may inspect and  
review Subscriber's facilities and records in order to verify  
Subscriber's compliance with this Agreement. Any such inspection and  
review will take place only during Subscriber's normal business hours  
and upon no less than ten (10) days prior written notice from  
Enthought. Enthought will give Subscriber written notice of any non- 
compliance, including the number of underreported Accessing Systems,  
and Subscriber will have fifteen (15) days from the date of such  
notice to make payment to Enthought for the applicable Services  
provided to the underreported Accessing Systems. If Subscriber had  
underreported the number of Accessing Systems by more than five  
percent (5%), Subscriber will also pay Enthought for the cost of such  
inspection.


9.    DISPUTE RESOLUTION

9.1    Condition Precedent.  If a claim or controversy between the  
parties is not resolved for any reason, the authorized  
representatives of Licensor and Licensee shall meet within thiry (30)  
days thereafter to review and discuss such claim or controversy, and  
shall attempt, in good faith, to settle or resolve the matter.   
Compliance with the provisions of this paragraph shall be a condition  
precedent to any claim in an arbitration, judicial, or other dispute  
resolution process.

9.2    Arbitration.  Any controversies or disputes arising out of or  
relating to this Agreement that cannot be resolved by the parties'  
authorized representatives shall be resolved by binding arbitration  
in accordance with the then current Commercial Arbitration Rules of  
the American Arbitration Association.  The parties shall endeavor to  
select a mutually acceptable arbitrator knowledgeable about issues  
relating to the subject matter of this Agreement.  In the event the  
parties are unable to agree to such a selection, each party will  
select an arbitrator and the two arbitrators shall in turn select a  
third arbitrator.  The arbitration shall take place in Travis County,  
Texas.  During the course of any arbitration proceeding, Enthought  
shall continue to perform its obligations to Subscriber under this  
Agreement.

9.3    Document Review.  All documents, materials, and information in  
the possession of each party that are in any way relevant to the  
claims or disputes shall be made available to the other party for  
review, inspection, and copying no later than sixty (60) days after  
the notice of arbitration is served.

9.4    Arbitrator's Authority.  The arbitrators shall not have the  
authority, power, or right to alter, change, amend, modify, add, or  
subtract from any provision of this Agreement.  The arbitrators shall  
have the power to issue mandatory orders, restraining orders, and  
injunctions in connection with the arbitration. The award entered by  
the arbitrators shall be final and binding upon the parties, and  
judgment may be entered thereon in any court of competent jurisdiction.


10.    GENERAL PROVISIONS

10.1    Governing Law.  This Agreement has been negotiated, executed  
and delivered at, and shall be deemed to have been made, in Texas.   
This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with  
the domestic laws of the State of Texas without giving effect to any  
choice or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of  
Texas or any other jurisdiction) that would cause the application of  
the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Texas.

10.2    Consent to Jurisdiction and Forum.  The parties hereto hereby  
consent and agree that the District Court of Travis County, Texas or,  
at the Licensee's option, the United States District Court for the  
Western District of Texas, shall have exclusive jurisdiction to hear  
and determine any claims or disputes between the parties hereto  
pertaining to this Agreement or to any matter arising out of or  
related to this Agreement.  The parties hereto expressly submit and  
consent in advance to such jurisdiction in any action or suit  
commenced in any such court, and hereby waive any objection which  
they may have based upon lack of personal jurisdiction, improper  
venue, or forum non conveniens and hereby consent to the granting of  
such legal or equitable relief as is deemed appropriate by such  
court.  Each party hereto irrevocably consents to the service of  
process by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to it at  
its address given pursuant to this Agreement.  Nothing in this  
Agreement shall be deemed or operate to affect the right of either  
party to serve legal process in any other manner permitted by law, or  
to preclude the enforcement by either party of any judgment or order  
obtained in such forum or the taking of any action under this  
Agreement to enforce same in any other appropriate forum or  
jurisdiction.

10.3    Construction.  The parties have participated jointly in the  
negotiation and drafting of this Agreement. In the event an ambiguity  
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall  
be construed as if drafted jointly by the parties and no presumption  
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any party by  
virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this Agreement.   
Whenever the context of this Agreement requires, the gender of all  
words herein shall include the masculine, feminine, and neuter, and  
the number of all words herein shall include the singular and  
plural.  All references to section numbers in this Agreement shall be  
references to sections in this Agreement, unless otherwise  
specifically indicated.  The captions used herein are for convenience  
only and are not to be considered in the construction of this Agreement.

10.4    Amendments; Waiver.  This Agreement may be amended from time  
to time only by written agreement of the parties.  No term or  
provisions of this Agreement may be waived or modified unless such  
waiver or modification is in writing and signed by the party against  
whom such waiver or modification is sought to be enforced.  No  
failure on the part of any party to exercise and no delay in  
exercising, any right, power, or remedy under this Agreement shall  
operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise  
of any right under this Agreement preclude any other or further  
exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.  The remedies  
provided in this Agreement are cumulative and not exclusive of any  
remedies provided by law.

10.5    Entire Agreement.  This Agreement is the entire agreement of  
the parties with respect to the subject matter herein, and supersedes  
all prior agreements between them, whether oral or written, of any  
nature whatsoever with respect to the subject matter hereof.  No  
amendment, alteration, or modification of this Agreement or the Term  
Sheet shall be valid unless in each instance such amendment,  
alteration, or modification is expressed in a written instrument duly  
executed by the parties hereto.

10.6    Severability.  If any provision of this Agreement is held by  
final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid,  
illegal, or unenforceable, such invalid, illegal, or unenforceable  
provision shall be severed from the remainder of this Agreement, and  
the remainder of this Agreement shall be enforced.  In addition, the  
invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision shall be deemed to be  
automatically modified, and, as so modified, to be included in this  
Agreement, with such modification being made to the minimum extent  
necessary to render the provision valid, legal and enforceable.   
Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, if the severed or modified  
provision concerns all or a portion of the essential consideration to  
be delivered under this Agreement by one party to the other, the  
remaining provisions of this Agreement shall also be modified to the  
extent necessary to equitably adjust the parties' respective rights  
and obligations hereunder.

10.7    Notices. All notices, requests, demands, and other  
communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed to  
have been duly given, if delivered in person or by courier, by  
facsimile transmission, by first class U.S. mail, postage prepaid, or  
by e-mail to the addresses shown below.  If notice is mailed by first  
class U.S. mail, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered three  
business days after such notice was deposited with the U.S. Postal  
Service.  If by e-mail, an e-mailed notice is deemed received 24  
hours after the notice is electronically transmitted to the  
recipient's e-mail address.  If the sending party receives  
notification within that period of time that such notice was  
undeliverable, sending party shall make commercially reasonable  
efforts to contact the intended recipient by telephone to correct the  
problem and to resend the notice by e-mail.  If the sending party is  
unable to contact the intended recipient by telephone or to resend  
the notice by e-mail, the sending party shall send such notice by  
first class U.S. mail, or by another method provided in this  
Section.  Each party will give the other at least 10 days prior  
written notice if such e-mail address changes, and the sending party  
will not be liable to the receiving party if the receiving party  
changes such e-mail address without informing the other party.

10.8    Authority to Sign.  The parties represent and warrant that  
each person signing this Agreement in a representative capacity has  
the authority to sign on behalf of all of the entities and persons  
for whom he is signing and that he and the represented entities and  
persons are empowered to enter into and to perform this Agreement.

10.9    No Reliance. Each party expressly warrants and represents and  
does hereby state and represent that no promise or agreement which is  
not herein expressed has been made to such party in executing this  
Agreement, and that no party is relying upon any statement or  
representation of any other party, its agents or its  
representatives.  Each party represents and warrants that it is  
relying on its own judgment and each has been represented by legal  
counsel in this matter.  Each party represents and warrants that it  
has had its legal counsel read and explain to it the entire contents  
of this Agreement in full, as well as the legal consequences of this  
Agreement.

10.10    Conflicts.  In the event of any conflict between the terms  
of this Agreement and the terms of any written agreement between the  
parties, the terms of this Agreement shall govern and control for all  
purposes.
